Update AD-FS-FAQ.md (#4296)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/identity/ad-fs/overview/AD-FS-FAQ.md

The list of vendors that have notified Microsoft are published at [MFA providers for AD FS](../operations/Configure-Additional-Authentication-Methods-for-AD-FS.md).  There may always be providers available that we do not know about and we will update the list as we learn about them.

### Are third party proxies supported with AD FS?

> Yes, third party proxies can be placed in front of AD FS, but any third party proxy must support the [MS-ADFSPIP protocol](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/dn392811.aspx) to be used in place of the Web Application Proxy.

Reviewer: This MSDN link is permanently redirected to docs.microsoft.com with this URL:
```suggestion
Yes, third party proxies can be placed in front of AD FS, but any third party proxy must support the [MS-ADFSPIP protocol](https://docs.microsoft.com/openspecs/windows_protocols/ms-adfspip/76deccb1-1429-4c80-8349-d38e61da5cbb) to be used in place of the Web Application Proxy.
```
And yes, the docs.microsoft.com page supports language agnostic localization.
